hi I'm ready lefty and you're watching a
members kitchen today we'll be making
I welcome to hummingbirds kitchen today
we are going to make witch's finger
cookies okay ingredients so a room
temperature or a little warmer softened
butter or margarine this is 100 grams
and sugar how many how much sugar the
sugar is 40 grams and 170 grams of flour
and about 25 to 30 almonds and vanilla
extract that's all we need okay the
first process is with the butter it's
not easy you need a lot of it want
anything to do that if you have a stand
mixer or food processor you can let them
do that but I don't have them and i
personally prefer to do it was hand much
more than asking for those machine do it
so when you with it enough and the
butter become white and fluffy like this
this is a time to add sugar um thank you
for thing
so after adding sugar you keep whip
whipping and it become white and
flapping like this this is a time to add
vanilla extract let's say you want up
one two three whipping okay so now it's
all fluffy smell good this is a time to
let the list to rest and use a chart and
also this is a time to stop by heating
the album I started a 170 degrees
centigrade which is about 165 to 175
alright so time to add flour I use the
plastic back because that's just much
easier to measure for me but you don't
have to use this just a minute safe I
forgot to mention that i added the pinch
of salt in it but if you use in soda
bottle you don't have to add the sort i
use the unsalted butter that's why I act
the soul
alright so this is the key of making
yummy cookies you definitely do not mix
only you know you just gently mix or you
still make this yes you know just to
combine butter and flour like this and
stop just about the flour mix it into
butter but you still see some white part
of the flower and powder Ness that's one
don't do it over do it that's a key so
then stop making the finger shaped
cookie like this you i already put one
on the pan so you can see um don't play
with it too much um but still you need
to shape that so just do a quick shop
and if you have a very warm hand
especially you have to make a quick shop
because otherwise though it's going to
be quite runny so this is a basic ah
finger shaped cookies you're going to
have big and small you see this one's a
little baby finger and then stop putting
the nail like boom like this and then
push it in a little bit so that it's
going to stay
okay so all the nails in so now bring
the stick or on toothpick is ok if you
don't have and then put the knuckle like
this so what's this it's going to be
amazing way look like somebody's finger
you see how different like dis these
guys and these guys look which one is no
leo is so obese
so these guys all set to go into the
oven what's the magic word it did us
y'all oh I don't have to say to you guys
interest shot hundred seventy degrees
centigrade and I'm going to bake for 15
minutes let's go
okay ha can you look you should get
close to me otherwise you want to see
see so the witch's fingers by using a
butter for this cookie dough it's going
to get little fatter where's the heat
when do they get but I still kinda cute
isn't that ok I hope you enjoyed today's
hummingbirds getting you know I made
this witch's finger cookies last year
for halloween and it was a big hit like
even on the parties for adults like
everybody was oozing hours about it and
it's very crunchy and nice taste so
please try and make it and commitments
this subscribe that would be a big
encouragement
I
Oh
you